---
name: Crates.io Weekly Team Meeting
about: Create a new weekly meeting agenda.
title: 'Crates.io Weekly Team Meeting #003'
labels: meeting
---

<!-- Thanks stacksgov - https://github.com/stacksgov/pm/pull/44/files -->

## Meeting Details
<!-- Please be sure to update the date in both the first line and the time zone conversion link below! -->
- **Date/Time:** Friday, September 25, 2020, 2030 UTC
    - 1430 UTC
- **Location:** Link will be posted in #crates-io-team channel [on Discord](https://discord.gg/rust-lang) shortly before the call.
- **Recording:** TBA
- **Moderator:** TBA

## [Proposed Agenda](https://github.com/rust-lang/crates-io-cargo-teams/issues/100)

  * Any new suggestions for authentication in preview apps?
  * Privacy policy for Sentry rust-lang/crates.io#2800
  * Migrating to heroku-18 stack.
    * rust-lang/crates.io#1868 - tracking issue
    * rust-lang/crates.io#1867 - migrating CI
  * Meeting planning and recording meeting minutes - #99
  * Searching the logs for /confirm/ status=400 shows that we have 0-15 requests per day with an invalid email confirmation token

### Outcomes

<!-- Rough Notes from Agenda Items -->

 * Any new suggestions for authentication in preview apps?
   * something like `experiment={name}` based routing
   * Defer for a few weeks.
 * Privacy policy for Sentry rust-lang/crates.io#2800
   * [Moving along nicely.](https://github.com/rust-lang/core-team/issues/22)
 * Migrating to heroku-18 stack.
   * Deploy occuring this weekend. Remember to clear build cache before the first deploy so that we statically link against new system libs.
   * rust-lang/crates.io#1868 - tracking issue
   * rust-lang/crates.io#1867 - migrating CI
 * Meeting planning and recording meeting minutes - #99
   * Template is looking OK but expect some growing pains with "calls to action" like `[TODO]` or `[DECISION]`
   * `[SUGGESTION]` - leverage a project board on the main repo to plan meetings then capture meeting notes with this template.
 * Searching the logs for /confirm/ status=400 shows that we have 0-15 requests per day with an invalid email confirmation token
   * issue investigated as part of an issue where users were experiencing a delay in getting a verification email
   * not sure what could be wrong as the logic is very simple

### Action Items

<!-- Items here can be carried over from previous weeks, and typically include a 1 or 2 sentence description of the related action and a link to issues or relevant materials. -->

 * `[TODO]` - Discuss authenication in preview apps in a few weeks.
 * `[TODO]` - Monitor movement on Privacy Policy.
 * `[TODO]` - Confirm deployment to heroku-18 went as expected.
 * `[TODO]` - investigate delays in receiving a verification e-mail
 * `[REMINDER]` - next meeting is on Zoom

### Open Discussion

<!-- Items here can be carried over from previous weeks, and typically include a link to issues or relevant materials. -->